The two French soldiers were released from Russia.
When they came closer to Germany, they were connected.
They were not afraid of the French.
The two French soldiers were not afraid of the French.
The answer is now.
The death is in the hands of the Japanese.
But Tsumayako is a good-for-nothing,
a lazy Tsumako.
Tsumayako is a good-for-nothing,
I can't be with you.
Please listen to me.
Now I am a prisoner.
Please carry my body
and bury me in France.
Please put the sword in my chest
and put the sword in my arm.
Farewell, my country,
and my motherland.
From now on,
until the day it echoes again,
I will cross my grave
and go to the other side.
When I go to war,
I will kick the red flag
and break the wall for your sake.
Thank you for watching.